Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Marco!
- What?
-Listen…
All good.
…from Cardiff Martín Willy.
HUELVA ROMAN CATHOLIC CEMETERY
And then look
what is inside that bag. please.
Thanks for notifying me
a comrade of mine has fallen.
I'm Judge Pascual del Pobil.
instructor of the Spanish Navy.
I guess that would be
a complicated case for a local forensic.
I'm Dr. del Torno.
provisional forensic
and head of pathologic anatomy
department at a university in Madrid.
The local forensic died.
By the way.
I fired the local police of Huelva.
They are corrupted
and controlled by the Nazis.
I will take care of this personally.
It is clear that your naval officer
was floating in water for quite some time.
Since his personal objects
belong to the British government.
you can take them with you.
Me? Take them now?
Yes. No need to go through my superiors.
Commander Gomez-Beare.
The papers are yours
to return to your king.
I appreciate the offer.
But there is a protocol.
and we both know
the minds of naval superiors.
Do you know mine?
-Admiral Moreno?
-Moreno is a hopeless nitpicker.
Moreno is a pain in the ass.
So why rouse the beast?
Better to gather the papers
and keep them here for safe-keeping.
give a full report to Moreno later.
then return them to me.
We could. But it is hot.
Your man stinks.
And lunch and a siesta
are only moments away.
But they are watching. are they not?
Those men.
Fine. if you insist. The papers will go
to our Naval Office in Huelva.
In the meantime.
dear coroner. make this quick.
I see no reason to rush.
I specialized in drownings at the Academy.
so I find this case of great interest.
Specialized in drownings?
Yes. If this case even is a drowning.
Doctor. our man here has clearly drowned.
His body has given up the ghost.
I think we can agree.
There is only one decent thing
we can do now for his poor sodden soul.
In the name of the Father.
the Son. and the Holy Spirit.
Amen.
Jesus Christ…
It will be my funeral next.
I should've taken that
bloody briefcase when I had the chance.
My superiors are frantic for it.
Perhaps the case is already en route.
To where? Have you heard gossip?
This is a small town. Lieutenant.
Treacherously small.
The chair maker has been asking questions.
- Admiral Moreno.
- Come with me. please.
I need to hear
that conversation.
I've missed you. Captain.
Are you here
because you missed me. David?
I am here. Colonel.
out of our shared duty to the Fuhrer.
Admiral Moreno insists
they know nothing of British documents
we know are in his possession.
Papers the Fuhrer needs to see.
And what is in the documents?
Something the British
are very keen to hide.
Now. I know Moreno is incorruptible…
but in your hands…
And what of your hands?
Captain.
this traveling case
has come into our possession.
We don't know its contents.
We do know it's the property
of the British government.
And at times like these. with countries
at war and allegiances so fragile.
Spain wishes to see
its safe return to its owner.
Thank you very much.